- Steven Ross calls himself a librarian.
In truth, he carries a vast wealth of esoteric knowledge
that he's groomed throughout his lifetime.
In pursuit of the truth,
he established the World Research Foundation
which is dedicated to helping others
find knowledge regarding health and healing.
From ancient Thomson alchemy
to the latest breakthroughs in healing technologies,
you can find an array of information on any known disease
and the cures that have been used throughout history.
Above and beyond this, however,
Steven is a Renaissance man
who lives his life true to his guiding principle
which he calls LEFL,
the most elevated of truths is that a beauty and balance.
Here Steven speaks on the essence of feminine beauty
and its eccentric value to our lives.
You are known for having gathered some of the most
beautiful obscure and profound information in the world
through the World Research Foundation.
But at the foundation of your own being
and your own life is something intrinsically
much more essential to you, is that fair to say?
It's very fair.
And that is beauty
which is one of those missing links that modern culture
seems to have forgotten about
and you seemed to have completely exemplified
in this extraordinary room we're sitting in.
Thank you and I believe
very strongly in the aspects of beauty.
Perhaps it's because this is a room patterned after
the Renaissance period,
the rooms were called studio lows.
And this studio low that I've created,
the main function is to immerse somebody into beautiful.
The ancients very well knew
that whatever you surround yourself with,
that you will eventually become.
And so the ancient Greeks in their cities did not allow
this coordinate notes in their music,
they didn't have buildings that have had outlandish colors.
They believe that if you surround yourself with rhythm,
harmony, line and beauty,
that you will eventually become that.
And although I have the background in athletics,
in sports, in science,
when I became interested in philosophy,
the main aspect that really grabbed me, Regina,
was this whole concept of beauty.
But, underneath it all
and throughout our conversation,
my main emphasis has been on a four-letter word.
And that four-letter word and this philosophy
that I have tried to espouse and live is called LEFL.
LEFL?
LEFL, L-E-F-L.
And it stands for
Laughter Excitement Fun and Love.
That's the golden
formula, for life.
For me it's the golden formula, LEFL.
And when I do my counseling work
or let's call it sharing with thousands of people
over this last 30 some years,
actually it's a little scary for me, 35 years,
what I do is I check their LEFL meter.
How is their LEFL meter doing?
And I have found
that the people that who have come
into World Research Foundation
who I have worked with,
they are devoid in one or all of those categories
and they have a problem.
Because you see, when you have laughter,
excitement, fun, and love in your life,
there is no room for illness or disease or health problems.
And it's not been unusual for us to recommend
to the people who come to see us
something that will juice up or replenish
one of those areas, so it's LEFL.
LEFL, okay I--
You heard it here. this is where it starts.
We heard it here
and I couldn't agree more with you.
And where is beauty in the equation, in the LEFL equation?
It's all beauty,
because beauty to a beholder
is something where the line or proportion is pleasing.
Yes.
So, beauty maybe relative from person to person,
however, it's not relative to an individual
from this standpoint.
Something, someone, an object nature is beautiful to you
because it speaks to you.
There is a rhythm, a harmony, a balance
that makes it beautiful for you.
Now for somebody else, perhaps,
they don't see the lines the same way,
it doesn't hit them
so they don't feel that beauty from that object,
but they do have something that is beautiful for them.
So when you have laughter,
excitement, fun and love,
you are in beauty,
of beauty,
you are walking in beauty,
and you are living in beauty.
And then you have
the external vibrational factors of beauty as well
such as what we're surrounded with here
and you have had in this extraordinary space you've created,
I'd like to find out
the genesis if this creation.
But also, we've turned the music down
which you have had running 24/7 for, how long?
Three and a half years.
Three and a half years and thank you so much
just for our editing purposes that you turned it down for us
just a little bit a little while here.
It has had an intent in the room.
The intent is the classical masters of all time.
I had music playing during the construction.
In fact, I had a patio garden here
that I took down and lot of my neighbors are going,
"He's mad, he's gotta be crazy.
"What is he doing?"
And I wanted to create this beautiful room
so music played during the construction period.
Music played all the time
and so the intent of this room
which I'm not the first to do this
because the ancients knew very well about this,
the music has permeated this entire space
on a continuing basis on a random play CD
that has, in this particular room, 200 CDs that just
randomly played the classics.
But the initial impulse for me came
when I was flying back from my office in Stuttgart, Germany.
It was about a month and a half before 9/11
and I kept it in this impulse, there is beauty.
Don’t forget the beauty of the world,
don't forget love.
And I was kind of thinking to myself,
what are these thoughts I'm having?
And then the entire room came to me.
I saw this picture of this room as it is
as you are seeing it
with specific pictures in it
that have specific meaning.
And as soon as I returned home,
I didn't let any time said,
I just start tearing down my old patio.
But then I soon figured out from 9/11 what the reason was.
The whole world had embraced
heartache, bitterness, anger,
terror, everything had changed.
And as you know, the world has changed dramatically
and continues to change virtually every day.
Beauty, love should not be forgotten
because to me, those will always be the keys.
Those are the keys to bring us back to
greater awareness and to greater balance.
So do you think it's the chicken or egg then?
When you look around
and a lot of what is perpetuated as artwork or fashion
or beauty is actually
one could argue in the eye of the beholder
to someone it may be beautiful but often,
it is really a symmetrical discordant, drab or whatever,
what does this, is that a reflection of us
or are we responding to it, or?
Regina, it's a great question.
The answer to any question like that are the results.
If somebody tells you that they walk in beauty
and every place that they step
dug doo doo remains.
They're not really walking in beauty,
they're talking a good story.
So, when somebody says
that they are working in great beauty but
everything come in out of that,
the vibrations when people look is disharmony,
then just by strict definition,
that is really not beautiful.
So yes, it may be relative to a person
but if we're looking at the end results
as some kind of measuring stick.
Over the years,
many people have come into world Research Foundation
telling me they have the greatest things since slice bread,
I have the great philosophy,
I'm in tune with divinity,
I'm in tune with the creator.
And I look at them and they're bouncing off the walls,
they can't look me in the eye,
they're nervous, they're flinching.
I ask myself,
is that the keys to the kingdom?
Is this the secret of life that this person's sharing?
So, the criteria to me is the walk.
Beauty is what is happening to that person.
Are they living a balance life?
Do they feel harmony?
What are they projecting out?
And of course, this brings us into a wider
and probably way of the intent maybe of our sharing today
but too often,
people get involved in particular,
what they will consider a philosophy,
and yet their life becomes tremendously out of balance.
And then they turn around and wonder.
They'll say to me if I meet someone,
"I can't believe it.
"I'm following all these spiritual precepts
"and yet I don't have a pot to piss in
"and I don't have any money,
"and why isn't God supporting me when I'm helping people?"
It's very simple,
they are on their own little tension,
they have cut them self-off from the great streams of energy
that permeate all of existence.
Plato talked about the archetypes,
the ideal state.
This was reiterated over history many times
but probably the greatest practitioner, I believe
was Paracelsus who lived in the late 14,
early 1500's.
He spoke of the great fonts
of energy and love the archetypes
that are continuously available.
When we align ourselves with these,
we are in perfect balance and harmony.
And he believed that a person could live for great
hundreds and hundreds of years of time,
when you are connected to the source,
when you are one with that source
and you have nothing,
no detriment,
no shutting off of that creative flow,
you can go on forever.
What do we do?
We cut ourselves off.
Remember this,
nature never abandons us,
we abandon nature.
Very true,
and talk about some other ways in which we cut ourselves off
because I think most people are guilty of one or all.
Exactly.
And so, when we look at this concept
of aligning ourselves with the beautiful.
And I used this LEFL philosophy to kind of
reintegrate somebody back into the basics of life.
We have over technological ourselves,
we'll say technology--
Technological.
Yes, exactly.
Because we think that this makes us more clever.
We think that we're so far advanced
because we have little tools,
but there's perhaps more people unhappy in life.
And so, I can honestly tell you,
I'm 57 years old,
that I have totally enjoyed my life.
A lot of people will claim that
I have a magical life which I feel I do
and I believe the reason is, from great laughter,
excitement, fun
and just loving what life has to offer
not attempting to bend life to fit me
but becoming in resonance with those things that
are around me
and enjoying them.
People talk about the philosophy from the creator, God,
whatever makes people feel comfortable,
to me, it isn't a book
and it's not a scripture, it is nature.
Very few, if you even look at the most hardened criminal
walking the planet,
would go to my local area here,
Bell Rock, or look at the Grand Canyon and go,
"That sucks!"
They just don't do that.
You don't--
It's true, you can't say that about this area.
You just don't say that.
So, even though someone may,
who is a real hardened type
may not go out and go,
be real, "Oh, my gosh, it's so wonderful."
They still would be in odd.
There's a resonance.
A recognition.
Yes, to me, this nature
is the garment of the deity,
the garment of the creator.
And it's available to all of us all the time.
So, how do we,
how do we go about cutting ourselves off
from all of these, the LEFL factors?
The LEFL factor, because we,
we'll use an analogy by Paracelsus.
Paracelsus made this discovery about vibrations
and replenishing the stream
because in his day, I believe it was around 1512,
they came across a man who had locked himself
in a room in his house
and he closed all the windows,
closed all the doors
and apparently was sealed enough that he died.
And when they went in there,
they were trying to figure out, well,
why did he die,
why did he expire?
And Paracelsus observed and understood
that there was a greater symbol here.
When we shut ourselves off,
when we go into dogma,
we constrict.
And how do we get this?
By having close minded attitudes.
By becoming dogmatic,
we close ourselves off
from the tremendous flows
of love, beauty, energy,
even, I'm gonna use the power
but not what people would normally use it.
It is our vitalic energy,
this power, this energy which is with us all the time.
It permeates this planet,
the cosmos, all existence.
We close it off when we dogmatically
go into some activity,
when we shut ourselves off from other people,
when we close our religious belief
to not allow anything else,
political, whatever terms you wanna use.
Again, we have abandoned
the fonts of energy, they never abandoned us.
And this happens when someone
with the best of intentions is looking for a new,
as you say, philosophy
or maybe a new healing modality
to become involved with or attach to or whatever,
toward whatever end,
but in doing so, these are often
really, almost requiring deprivation
in the way they're going about it.
You are exactly right
because anything that stifles,
excuse me, that cuts off, that hampers,
immediately stifles those flows.
Now, there is something called righteous indignation.
There is an aspect that says
there are natural laws of the universe
and they are going to fulfill themselves no matter what.
And this is the point I'm trying to make,
you can be somebody helping people
during the worst calamity,
you can be rescuing people,
working, doing things through the highest of beauty,
the highest spiritual precept,
and then you eat some garbage food
that really isn't good for you, guess what?
You're gonna become ill.
So, even though you were doing an activity
that was spiritual,
you are breaking another law that also exist
and so this brings us into the whole concept
that the Greeks came up with which was,
the one, the good, and the beautiful.
The one which is it's all one,
the good meant that all laws work consistently.
It isn't one morning that you do one activity
and God says, "Oh, you're a great spiritual being."
And then you do the same activity the next day
and you get blown out of the water or reprimanded
or hit by a lightning volt.
They believe that the world was good.
Even if that activity ended up bad for somebody,
the Greeks believed it was good because
cause and effect is consistent in this universe,
and the beauty, the one good beautiful,
the beautiful is line harmony proportion.
So when we follow as closely as possible
natural laws,
we are then in tune with the great,
fonts of energy,
the flows that replenish and bait us in this energy
which keeps us going,
and keeps us healthy,
and keeps us loving,
and keeps us beautiful.
Any listener, anybody who is watching this show,
it doesn't take much imagination for them to realize
what areas they have cut themselves off from.
This is very true.
There are couple of ways to go.
I want to ask you about
your perception of something
starting in the 1960's in particular with women.
Things started changing in many levels,
but one of them was fashion.
So now, what the man wore, the woman could wear
and so, this has been perpetuated even to this day.
So, you both go out,
you both have your blank tank on,
you have your cowboy boots and you have your jeans.
What has this done, in your opinion,
to the essence of femininity and the loveliness
of a certain amount of polarization between the sexes?
Regina, we didn't discuss this before
but I wanna thank you for asking this question
because I have often talked with people about
what I'm gonna share.
And I believe very strongly
the divine feminine of this universe
has created the beauty,
the love, the harmony, not the masculine side.
The great poets, musicians,
philosophers that,
that have brought beauty in the world
whether they are men and women,
it came from the feminine side of the being
not the male masculine side.
And so when we look at intuition,
healing, perception,
that comes from the feminine side of the nature.
And to answer your question for,
for women to abandon
and not understand who they are
is bringing the race down in the opposite direction
that it could be going
because the male does not produce beauty,
the male does not produce art.
And we're talking about the masculine energy,
because of course males do, but it's that feminine side
that does not mean that somebody is effeminate
or that they're gay.
It just means that this is the creative, beautiful side.
Our civilization with its emphasis on sports,
and you know my background,
I have a strong athletic background,
I know all about sports.
But when we have people
pushing their children,
the girls into being the next great golfer
rather than the piano, the violin, music,
the race is not going to its highest and best direction.
And that's the words I used,
there is no right or wrong,
it is, what is the highest and best.
So, this whole concept
where the woman is not appreciated
is a shame, it's a travesty.
But you can go back to Pythagoras
and his academy in Crotone in 550 B.C.
He had an incredible academy
where women were equals
where he knew and they realized
his school was perhaps the only school going back
thousands of years to the present time
where a woman was on the same status with men,
that they were honored and revered.
And the great teacher, Hypatia,
who was the head librarian of the Library of Alexandria
right before it was burned down,
a woman of exquisite beauty and intellect.
And even going into Isabella d'Este
who is my patron for this room,
the grand lady of the Renaissance
who could sing, dance, write poetry,
she was strong when she had to be
but she had all of the beauty exuding from her constantly,
we don't wanna lose that.
And we are losing that with your question.
Fighting for equality should have remained at the equal,
getting equal compensation
and being recognized
but not becoming a man,
because more men need to push the other side
so there's a little bit more gentleness in the world.
I couldn't agree more
and there is the--
And I didn't give you a chance
to even talk during that--
No, no, I asked your opinion.
And there is a rise in violence among girls and women,
teenage girls.
and when you see this in the movies, for example,
it's cool to be tough to be able to kick butt,
Laura Croft or something else, it doesn't matter.
Right.
This, would you say,
and I don't wanna get too conspiratorial on this,
is there anything
that's being intentionally orchestrated here or is this,
what this is a reflection of?
I think it's a reflection of when you go into a pond,
if you look at a pond and the pond has
a flow of freshwater that permeates it,
everything is fresh,
everything is beautiful,
everything grows,
and the water is nice.
When the pond is cut off from inflows,
it begins to stagnate,
putrefy, stink.
What have we done here?
No, I don't necessarily think it's a conspiracy.
I believe that the culture has managed to close itself off
because of its tastes.
It tends to have changed its entire taste and belief
of what is important.
And that when a race started doing that,
when they're competing,
they're competitive for financial resources
to have what the other person has,
to be like the other person, that is the problem.
So, we might say, if there's a conspiracy,
I don't feel this much as I feel a close mindedness
that people tend to get closed in a box
and then that box is fed by the people
who have the authority thinking,
well, this is what they want
so let's keep giving it to them.
So if we're the media, let's just keep feeding it.
This is what they want,
so let's feed it to them
until somebody decides to change it.
Until Jonathan Livingston Seagull decides to do that
right turn at high speed and change
but this is why we have great philosophers
throughout the ages
who constantly restate universal truth.
So, no, I am not convinced that there's a conspiracy
because of my philosophy of life.
I believe life is a school room,
and in that school room, you have various grades.
Let's take an elementary school,
first, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth.
It's great.
And I believe when people graduate,
because they have greater awareness,
they go on to another school room in the cosmos.
My analogy means this,
you never look at an elementary school and say,
it should be a university, it's not.
And the people who have the great awareness,
they go on, they graduate,
they don't stay around forever.
And you have knew little kids who come into school
pulling the pigtails at the girls
and defacing the walls,
and not paying attention,
and then they will evolve.
And they will expand and they will grow,
and they will graduate
and there are constantly new classes that come in.
I am not one of these people who believe that overnight,
the whole cosmos changes with the indigo children.
I may be bucking the thigh at here,
but I'm sorry, the universe doesn't work like that.
It doesn't instantaneously award people
because of the time element.
It is a growth,
it is an expansion,
it is us becoming
and understanding that we are gods.
And we must learn and demonstrate
our ability to manage creative energy.
It all boils down to this,
we are not in the likeness of the creator or God
in our physical appearance,
but in the ability to create.
And this is a school room
where we learn about creativity.
In fact, Jean Shinoda Bolen
who is also on our side
has written a book, I think it's called
the Goddesses in Every Woman and Gods in Every Man.
And I think it's addressing this type of
constant to classical archetypal information
to begin reconnecting with it
because we have become so fractured.
I think that is the direction we must go but, again,
this is where I interject my very inexpensive LEFL therapy.
Yeah, laughter, excitement,
fun and love
and you don't have to pay a lot of money
and deep counseling
because there's two schools of thought.
I tend to follow the school that
you don't muck around
and keep scratching it something endlessly
until it gets all infected
and you don't have to muck around in these problems,
amd these vibrations since somebody has had in the past
because that isn't necessarily
going to lead them to anything
but putting them right back in that vibration.
It is a vibration.
Even in healing.
The personal healing work that I do, that I'm involved in,
I never look at what the person's difficulty is.
I only seek to see that person in perfection.
Let's talk about that
and talk about your healing a bit.
Well, I speak a little bit about it but not too much
other than to say
we've been involved with it for 35 years
with people who've had a multitude of health problems
that are, the severest that there is,
whether they are cancer and
tumors and inoperable problems.
What we have found is
that you do not have to change your name,
you do not have to have a degree,
you just must have a desire
and an intent to help another person.
And we have demonstrated this, although,
again, this is not the intent but you've asked,
but my sharing in this area is to try to
allow people to understand that all things are possible.
Now, I have been blessed with parchments and scrolls
and old book that I've studied for
basically my entire adult life.
And what I have learned is that there,
again, is a multitude of approaches
but the biggest key is love.
And when you have love for another person,
and you have that desire,
that vibratory rate is so profound
that it sweeps over a person,
I'm not gonna say like a tsunami,
I'm gonna say like a gentle loving breeze.
And when a person feels that you love them,
instantaneous healings have occurred.
So, I will tell you that we have worked with people
with inoperable brain cancer tumors,
breast cancer tumors,
people in comas,
and they have had spontaneous remissions.
But I'm not soliciting to people,
I'm trying to empower you and the audience
who we are,
who we can be
but not to go to some weekend course
for a hundreds and thousands of dollars.
I believe in our simple approach,
you can laugh all your way to success.
You can laugh all your way to great beauty,
resources and healing.
(chuckling)
Well, yes, clearly
you have a strong history in all of these areas
and I wouldn't doubt for one moment.
I like the LEFL,
I like the LEFL formula.
Yes, it's very easy and quick and it's another,
it's another four-letter word
to put out another vibration.
When we talk about vibrations,
there is nothing more powerful
and important in the universe.
Everything is vibratory,
everything is bipolar in our existence
but the vibration is everything.
And when we were talking about the healing,
again, there is a school that
if you are thinking about that person's tumor
or that person with a problem,
you are reinforcing that whole aspect
but, if you can conceive of this,
if a person can place themselves
in the following state
where they can imagine a person
in complete perfection
at the time they were sparked into existence--
That's the key.
That is the key.
The archetypal, Regina.
The archetypal perfect person.
Not now,
not thinking of anything at this time,
but at that perfected moment,
that spontaneous spark,
when that the spirit soul,
whatever terms someone's used will spark into
perfected state.
Now, I'm making something very simplistic,
that some may think is difficult but I want it to be--
It's very profound.
Well, hopefully, it'll get people thinking that
that is just another approach.
All approaches has seem to work from
a multitude of activities.
Now, there is a book that is not considered a sacred text
but it is a very interesting book called
The Aquarian Gospel of Jesus the Christ,
written by a man named Levi in the 1800's.
I'm only mentioning it because
it has a very interesting section in it
talking about the time of Jesus and purporting
some of his activities.
But let's look at a story that's in there
which talks about a fellow who was a drunk in the town.
And he was so drunk
and spent so much money on his drinking
that he didn't really cloth and feed his family.
But he really didn't see it
because he was in drunken stupor all the time
and he just forgot about his family members.
Well, there was a big fire in the town
and many people lost their homes
and Jesus came to this man.
Now Jesus had been asked about,
can you help this man?
And he hadn't done anything before this time.
But now a fire had decimated the place,
he was a carpenter,
this man was a carpenter,
and he said to the man,
"Brother, can you come with me?"
So, they walked out and saw some of the burnt houses
and he said, "We're both carpenters,
"let's get to work."
So, they rolled up their sleeves and they started working.
And long behold after day of work,
the man returned to his home
and he saw his wife and kids and the hovel
that his home had become.
And with great feeling, he made a vow at that moment.
What is the purpose of my story?
At no time, did anybody attacked his drinking.
At no time, was it brought up that he should stop.
But, it was supplemented with another activity
that allowed him to come to his senses.
And it reminds me of a story I'm being told to share.
I'm only laughing because of the way it popped into my mind
talking about our own viewpoints.
The story goes that Aristotle was walking
on the banks of the Mediterranean
and he was looking at the universe.
And he looked in the distance and he saw a figure running
from the water to the shore.
And as he got closer, the man had a bucket
and he was dipping the bucket in the Mediterranean
going over and pouring the water into a hole.
And when he got up to the man,
he realized that it was the village mad man and he goes,
what are you doing?
And the man said,
"Well, I'm going to empty all of this water
"out of here, so I can see that blue green bottom."
So, Aristotle looks into him and says,
"How are you gonna get
"all of that water into that little hole?"
And the man scratched his head,
he thought a second, he says,
"Great philosopher, what are you doing today?"
Aristotle says,
"I'm contemplating the universe."
And the man says, "How are you gonna get all of that
"in that little head of yours?"
(laughing)
Everything is relative.
Everybody asked their,
I didn't make it up and I'm sorry
because I'd read it years and years ago
in somebody's book
so I certainly have not taken credit but it's great story.
It's a great story.
And speaking, let's talk about kids for a minute, okay?
Because I think a lot of this starts getting down and down--
Because I'm childish,
is this why you've brought this up or?
I didn't wanna say that but--
(laughing)
A lot of these happens in you,
so by the time we reach adulthood,
we're already pretty much stamped out
on the LEFLameter
Yes, but this is the great admonition of a
tremendous healer and creator,
and prophet in the western world,
you must become as a child.
Yes.
So, as a child,
one of the things that seems to happen a lot with children
and I think this is worldwide, it's not culture specific
Right.
A child is having
their wonderful flights of fancy,
or not, they may be simply open into experiencing things
that we are no longer capable of seeing and experiencing
and I'm gonna go with that and a lot of it.
So they are experiencing this world,
and whether it's imaginary
and they have their friends,
and they have their stories,
they're excited,
they're enthused,
they're laughing,
they've got a high level factor happening
and then the parents--
They must be Aquariuses.
It's my birth sign, but yes, go ahead.
And the parents come and go splat.
Oh, you,
you're just making that up
and this kind of thing.
So, can we talk about the spirit from the child--
Well, you see in the,
at the not too distant past
before the advent of television,
imagination was very highly priced
because the old radio programs were radio
and you had it created in your mind.
And so, you didn't have people going and condemning
or putting down other people because
imagination was something that was very important.
This is another example of this closed box,
not a conspiracy
but just how we have taken our creativity
down a blind alley
but, that's why we're in school.
If we were so wise,
and we had angel's wings,
we wouldn't be down here.
We are down here to learn.
We are to learn that when we close things up,
when we take the children
and stop the imagination, that--
When they cut out our programs from school.
Yes, and again, chasing after to be the best golfer,
the best tennis player,
the best jock, whether it's woman or male
as opposed to the art.
My mom,
before I built this room, was telling about how in New York,
her uncles all played musical instruments
and it wasn't unusual that once a week,
usually Saturday, Sunday night,
they all got together and played music,
they played instruments.
This was before television.
This was right at the early days of the radio
and so what has happened is
we have created a culture that relies on
an outside venue to entertain us
and then anything that we get internally
is discounted as either not relevant
or we're not smart enough.
Now, this brings up another point about
what the ancients thought about imagination.
Imagination is the most important gift
that the creator or God has given to us.
That is one of the magical keys for all
work on this plan.
This room,
your imagination.
It is because
what the ancients called fantasy
was the made up things that were either silly
or didn't make any sense or with somebody's
just random idle chatter
but imagination was highly priced.
Paracelsus said,
"The three keys for all manifestation on this earth plan."
The magical keys that the prophets,
that the apostles used, three things:
imagination, faith, and will.
And I have those written in the World Research
when everybody gets there
because first, you must be able to imagine it.
You must have the total understanding that it will happen.
Not believe, but you know it will happen
and the will to continue on until you see it manifest.
And this is why the admonition of the great
healer 2,000 years ago
was He gave thanks before it happened.
Before He rose Lazarus,
He gave thanks that it was done.
People discount the keys
and they're losing valuable gifts that are given to us
that are the answers to some of our situations.
Acknowledging that it is already done,
it's done.
And people just don't understand that.
So, when you must first imagine what you wish to achieve,
the knowledge that it is done,
you just have not seen it in material form.
It has been handed down
and I'm a librarian so I can tell you
it's been restated and restated and restated
thousands and thousands and thousands of years.
I'm not taking anything away from our modern writers,
but it's not new.
Every time somebody comes out,
I kinda laugh a little bit
because it's like,
"Oh, they've got the greatest things and slice bread--
Were you one of the few people
that has a frame of reference for that
being a modest librarian?
A modest, a quite librarian who
who sees this over and over.
It reminds me to interject to story that
I flew, not I, but World Research flew Bjorn,
Doctor Bjorn Nordenstrom from Sweden
in 1986 to the United States
for one of our World Congresses.
Now, Doctor Nordenstrom
was the past chairman of the Noble Assembly,
Nobel Laureates in Medicine,
discovery of needle biopsy.
He was in the cover of Discover magazine,
he's made the biomedical discovery of the century.
The inside the body is an electrical universe
that turns on and off during the healing process,
during sickness
His system shrinking female breast cancer tumors
was phenomenal.
When I brought him out the news program,
2020 interviewed him.
Hospitals were asking for him to talk,
he was in great demand.
Well,
he made a presentation of his book to us
at World Research.
And we made a very pomp ceremony,
the signed book went on the shelf in electricity.
We placed the book in.
And right next to it was this little tiny book called
The Application of Electricity as a Therapeutic Agent.
Nordenstrom pulls it out,
opens it up,
it says cancer.
In that book, a doctor shrank
a woman's breast cancer tumor in 1877.
That was humbling.
That was very humbling.
So we keep reinventing the wheel.
It's all of there for us already.
Always there.
You and I spoke a little before when we said,
my commentary on a lot of these groups
raising constant money
for cancer, for this, for that
for half of dozen thing,
the answer is right around the corner.
We already have the answers.
The answers have been with us a very, very long time.
It is where we chose to search.
If I was to drop you on an unknown continent
and said to you,
Regina, I want you to examine this whole continent,
but you can only go south.
You can only find a pharmaceutical answer.
You can only find a this answer.
You would never know what's there.
Exactly.
And so,
all of this is getting back to what your question was.
We have locked ourselves in boxes,
our thought processes,
our investigation,
what we conceived because of what we've been told.
Our educational system only furthers that.
Yes.
It doesn't allow somebody to really be unique.
It is a program that you have to do this.
And I always marveled at the stories,
I wasn't brilliant enough to ever go to this
but this people who turn into blue book of college
and they have the answer
but they didn't know how to do it,
and they couldn't explain it,
so they ended up getting the--
They got a failed grade or somebody
starts accusing them of cheating, they're just people
who look at something.
We also shared a little bit.
And your viewers are probably gonna be saying,
these people shared a lot off camera,
but we spoke about Goethe,
Right.
Goethe who was, or as American would say, Goethe
but Goethe--
Oh, I went to,
my junior high school had that name
and we called it Goethe.
Goethe?
Well, mister G-O-E-T-H-E was,
he was an incredible person because
when he was asked the question about
why he did not speak much about God,
was it because he didn't believe in God,
his answer was,
"No, it isn't,
"that is not the reason why I don't discuss it,
"but I cannot really get into a subject
"where I don't have enough information to really
"form a legitimate decision about it.
"I really don't have enough information
"of personal investigation to do this."
And of course in the ancient hermetic writings
supposedly when Hermes Trismegistus, the great Hermes
was asked to speak of God,
he put his finger on his lips
because the finite
can never completely define the infinite.
And so when we have people who are defining the deity
based on their parlance
this is shutting them off
from the great streams of the cosmos.
And you see, everything always fits in.
These streams enclosing the doors,
and taking our young children
and defining them and putting them in little boxes,
they're never allowed to expand naturally.
You take a plant, a seed, and place it in the ground
and there's only three inch clearance
before there's a solid ceiling,
that plant will never grow to full expression.
Perfectly put, and when you take a child
and you fill all of its after school time with one activity,
striving towards some sort of excellence after another,
there is no time for imagination,
there's no time for creation,
there's no time to laugh,
or to play,
to LEFL.
The LEFLing has somehow is disintegrating.
And even when I've asked people
when I'm counseling with them and I'll go,
what makes you laugh?
And I have somebody blankly look at me like,
"I, I, I, I don't know."
And I say, "Well, when was the last time you laughed?"
The more ill the person is,
the longer the time between fun, laughter,
excitement, fun, and love,
they just don't have it.
I've seen this again,
I've worked with thousands and thousands
of people over the years.
That LEFL, LEFLameter is so, that's good,
is so devoid that they don't know what to do.
So, people have heard
or people have been recommended to me
and they come and they're waiting for some
traumatic solution that I'm gonna give them
and I look at them and I'll go,
they'll say, "Steve, what can I do?
"How can I pull myself out?
"How can I cure myself?" and I'll go,
"You need to miniature golf."
And they go, "What?"
Miniature golf or some people call it putt putt, they'll go,
"No, no, seriously."
I go, "I'm being serious."
"When was the last time that you are able to do something
"where you had fun?
"That you laughed?
"That you enjoyed it?"
And then they'll tell me,
"Why, you know I work for pleasure."
I say, "Excuse me, this is part of your difficulty."
We're talking a full expression.
So, we don't need to have complicated solutions.
In fact, it was my good buddy Paracelsus
in the 15th hundred who said,
"The longer the answer to a difficulty,
"the more screwed up the speaker is,
"and the further away they are for the truth
"because it just isn't that difficult
"and they must wanna hear themselves speak."
And he was great because
everything he did was so clever.
As a youth, Paracelsus watched a dog in the house
who'd been ill,
get up during the party and start walking.
So, he was a young kid
and he wasn't interested in what the party was,
so he followed the dog.
And the doggie walked and
walked through the forest and passed different flowers
and would sniff and then walk on and finally stop
and started nibbling on a particular plant or grass.
Closed its eyes, woke up
and was as good as new.
And Paracelsus looked to that and said,
There is no doggie doctor,
how was this animal--
And then he understood instinct
and then he reasoned, wait a minute,
we as human beings have this.
What is going on here?
Why are we not able?
Because we have been closed off
from our own innate abilities.
We have listened to what other people have to say.
We have lost that instinct which by the way
is really intuition.
Instinct in animals is instinct,
in human beings is called intuition.
And that intuition, when we get back to it
will lead us to the more enlightened areas
that we need to be in.
Including drawing more beauty into our lives.
Always, and you can never, Regina,
never can have enough beauty.
Now, I tried to create a room
that somebody can immerse himself
but I would encourage people to have
a place of beauty,
a seed of beauty,
anything that's beautiful
that they can keep around themselves
because that vibration will permeate your entire being.
It is about beauty.
Live in beauty,
walk in beauty,
and you will be beauty.
I could not agree more.
And thank you so much for inviting us into this
magical space that you have created,
this magical space and beauty,
and LEFL.
LEFL, I'm happy that you're here
and I'm very pleased again
that you would do a program like this
because LEFL is so easy,
so inexpensive,
and so profound.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you.
I hope you enjoyed this thought-provoking look
at the subject of beauty.
And if you would like to contact
the World Research Foundation on healing,
just click on the link below.
Until next time,
thanks for watching.